there
[Music]
come on out
oh my gosh it's so cute what are you
[Music]
writing
we have a discount because we're after
four and we get free ice cream
because of this one she scored us a deal
we're here at the vikings which is like
the swing
where what is it called is this tweet
swing ship swing no um
it's like you know it's a biking skill
it's like it's it's a viking ship
that's and bts and txt and like a
bunch of nct and like a bunch of other
idols like wrote on it too whenever they
come to the
world and like they always like joke
about it so
now we're gonna ride it yay
there's no one we can just go whenever
we want
what we just looped the vikings
oh no we're gonna get so so like bracing
myself
[Music]
we got a guard
oh we're going up oh no it's a small one
okay we're fine we're fine
oh my god
that's the drop we just did
that was like nothing why did it feel
like so much
that was the job we just did
now that i've seen the aftermath
that hurt
[Music]
i love using this t-money card
[Applause]
[Music]
so cute
now date
[Music]
[Applause]
it is 10 11 on a sunday night
and we are going to a bar and we're
matching
we really have the the all black look
down
so my nana just texted me and
she's very italian and i have gotten her
quite hooked
on kdramas especially crash landing on
you
and she just said that it has taken over
her life
way worse than the hunger games or
outlander which she was so addicted to
uh she's such a romantic i love this
it's so cute
i love you nana i'm so glad i've gotten
her hooked and she got my
great aunt hooked on it too so crash
landing is just taking
over the santa life where's the tiger
place
last time we were here we completely
missed this we went looking around and
ended up at a different speakeasy so
we finally found it we shoot
i'm obsessed with the music
which one looks right i'll just always
say the wizard of oz
nope that's i feel like it's this one
check over it
lay chamber
[Music]
no no okay let's
wait this is so cool
which book is it um
oh wait please find him press the button
we're done
oh my god oh wow
[Applause]
[Music]
oh carry on sounds good
so i'm going to brunch and then i'm
going to go work in a coffee shop
and explore so you can still do
no matter where you find yourself
no matter what kind of stuff is going on
in your life
[Applause]
[Music]
underneath it all everything's actually
all right
[Applause]
you're okay
[Music]
painful
it's just a reminder better care of
[Music]
yourself
so
[Music]
[Applause]
so
[Music]
this is jackie she's one of my
subscribers and she's yeah we're meeting
up in seoul
[Music]
took a detour and went through a random
neighborhood and climbed so many steps
but now we're gonna find the coffee
place yes
finally yes after like a half hour of
searching we found it oh my gosh
yes we're here
[Music]
oh he's nice
stars
[Music]
because you're like oh he's cute and i
was like oh yeah i'm sure and then i
wasn't expecting that like
i passed out and almost got hit by a car
[Music]
cafe called minimize it's a bakery and
amazing place
um this is santa's friend say hi
[Music]
sienna's in the bathroom she doesn't
know so
i mean she's gonna probably edit this so
she'll still catch us but it won't be
for like another week probably at least
so what do you what do you want to sing
her do you have any messages want to say
to her or to her audience
today was really successful right we've
been
to many places and we
yeah it's just for me it's just very
special to meet
youtubers sienna
and then just hang out
together so yeah today was really fun
i hope you had fun too and when you see
this in like a month or a week or
whenever you do
[Music]
oh
i love you
[Music]
tell me
oh pretty
[Music]
all right let's go
oh
[Music]
is
you're my
[Music]
adorable i want to be his best friend
are you ready for our first vr
rollercoaster ride
oh wait yeah i am diseased oh my god
i made my eyes i can't see
how was that it was disappointing
really i thought it was good it was fun
but i wanted like a job
we had a drop don't you think like watch
the kiddos we watch them they're gonna
just like grab like crazy
[Music]
good morning today we are going school
supply shopping
in seoul in hongdae hongdae is one of my
favorite places to go
just like it's like a college town it's
you know super laid back there's lots of
really cool like fashion stores thrift
shops vintage stores
everything's like super cheap and
affordable and there's some really cute
stationary places
so we're gonna go to this place called
morning glory which is like my favorite
stationery store and
where i went last year when i was here
at yonsei a lot to get
like notebooks planners that sort of
thing
and then we're also gonna go to this
place called alpha because i need to
print something
and they also are like a huge office
supply store
so and i would love to get something for
like kpop photo card collecting
this is not school supplies at all but
that's okay i have like even more like
behind
each of these i have the circle cards
and then i also have like
another member from i kind of just
organized them by album so if it's the
same album
there's like a lot like stray kids
there's like a lot um
so i need binder for this here's the
little
outfit of the day got my mask got a
purse does anyone else do this
they bring like a purse where they have
just all of their like you know hand
sanitizer
credit cards sunglasses like lip gloss
everything that they need
and then a tote bag with like computer
water
um book like bigger things
i don't know why i always have like two
bags because i don't want to just bring
this because it's hard to get all the
little stuff
so i bring two plus i'm going shopping
so it's like
saved paper right we're ready to go
[Music]
is
my
[Music]
oh
me
[Music]
[Applause]
so
[Music]
did
wow
[Music]
oh
why is calculating two weeks before so
hard
because you changed my life yes oh
so technically i'm gonna get mine in
because i'm my birthday's in january so
i put it like oh 1833 birthday
i put it yeah i put it for my birthday
in january which is
january 20 22. i put it on
yay
[Music]
uh
love of goodbye
[Music]